docs/current-goals.md, before:

---
title: "Current Goals"
#sidebar_label: "" 
#slug: 
#description: ""
#keywords: []
tags: []
#image: ""
sidebar_position: 2
draft: false
publish: true
publish-path: docs
publish-filename: current-goals
created: 2023-05-02T11:30:38-04:00
modified: 2023-07-06T16:29:52-04:00
---

*Write in the **present tense**, as if you have already achieved said goal.*
- I am `<type of person>`
- I have done `<thing>`
- I love `<thing>`

# Quinn’s Impossible List
Inspired by Joel Runyon: [http://impossiblehq.com/impossible-list/](http://impossiblehq.com/impossible-list/)

Note: This is an ever-evolving list, so certain goals that may have been listed in the past may no longer be present. These goals were either no longer achievable or were simply removed due to a shift in priorities.

# Last 5 Completed Goals
- [x] Acquire a full-time engineering position ✅ 2020-01-20
- [x] Bicycle tour across America ✅ 2019-08-20
- [x] Visit Glacier National Park ✅ 2019-08-01
- [x] Graduate college ✅ 2019-05-16
- [x] Come out of college with zero debt ✅ 2019-05-16

# Fitness/Health Goals
- Bike…
	- [x] 25 miles in a day ✅ 2014-01-01 ([Routes · Ride with GPS](https://ridewithgps.com/routes/5682996))
	- [x] 50 miles in a day ✅ 2016-05-19 ([Harriman State Park to West Point Loop - A bike ride in Tuxedo Park, NY](https://ridewithgps.com/trips/9036792))
	- [x] 100 miles in a day ✅ 2016-06-26 ([FIRST CENTURY EVERRR! - A bike ride in Poughkeepsie, NY](https://ridewithgps.com/trips/9664730))
	- 125 miles in a day
- Run a 5K
	- Run a 10K
		- Run a marathon
- Maintain a good diet e.g. “[Eat food. Not to much. Mostly plants.](https://michaelpollan.com/reviews/how-to-eat/)”

# Professional/Educational Goals
- [x] Graduate college ✅ 2019-05-16
	- [x] Land a summer internship (Ridgewood Water – January 9<sup>th</sup>, 2017)
	- [x] Achieve a minor computer science ✅ 2019-05-16
	- [x] Graduate with a concentration in honors ✅ 2019-05-16
	- [x] Hold an E-board position in a club that I care about ✅ 2016-01-07 (Senator for the United States States Green Building Council – Rowan University Chapter)
		- [x] Be on the IEEE E-board ✅ 2016-12-09 (Elected Public Relations Chair)
	- [x] Found the Rowan Cycling Club ✅ 2018-01-01
		- [x] Acquire at least 25 members ✅ 2018-09-15 (https://i.imgur.com/tmR5uo3.jpg)
	- [x] Become a Resident Assistant ✅ 2016-03-02
		- [x] Become an Assistant Resident Director ✅ 2018-03-16
	- [x] Maintain a GPA of at least 3.5 ✅ 2019-05-16 (GPA: 3.89)
- Mechanical Engineering
	- Become a Certified SolidWorks…
		- [x] Associate – CSWA ✅ 2016-11-18 (https://i.imgur.com/8gy2900.jpg)
			- [x] Professional – CSWP ✅ 2019-03-02 (https://i.imgur.com/VMwzwJB.jpg)
- [x] Land a full-time engineering position after college ✅ 2020-01-02
- Software Engineering
	- Online Course/Curricula to Complete
		- [-] [The Odin Project](https://www.theodinproject.com/)
		- [-] [Google’s Machine Learning Crash Course](https://developers.google.com/machine-learning/crash-course/)
		- [-] [Free Code Camp](https://www.freecodecamp.org/)
- Miscellaneous
	- [x] Work at a bike shop ✅ 2018-06-01 (Ridgewood Cycles)

# Financial Goals
- [x] Come out of college with zero debt ✅ 2019-05-16
- [x] Go into college with at least $15,000 in the bank ✅ 2015-02-01
- Buy an electric car
- Be financially independent
- Be location independent

# Habit Goals
- [x] Read for at least 10 minutes for 100 days in a row ✅ 2015-07-05
- [x] Take a cold shower 100 days in a row ✅ 2015-12-14
	- [x] Do it for 365 days in a row ✅ 2018-01-25
- [ ] Complete the bodyweight recommended routine 3 times/week for 100 days
- [ ] Meditate for 5 minutes 100 days in a row
- [ ] Read a new Wikipedia page 100 days in a row

# Creative Goals
- [x] Publish a poster on RedBubble (July 2015)
	- [x] Publish two more posters on RedBubble ✅ 2016-08-12
		- [x] Make at least ten sales on RedBubble ✅ 2018-09-18 - *Only took 2 years, but hey, I made 24 bucks!*

- [x] Capture and edit a video about an awesome experience ✅ 2016-04-24 ([Rowan Ruf Riders - B Team Sectionals 2016 - YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MwFvyABkcMc))
- [ ] Learn how to play the violin
- [ ] Learn how to play the harmonica
- [ ] Start a band and play a live show

# Skill Goals
- Programming
	- Learn the basics of various programming languages
		- [x] C++ ✅ 2016-03-01
		- [x] Python ✅ 2016--06-01
		- [x] Java ✅ 2017-03-01
- [x] Learn the basics of Adobe Illustrator ✅ 2016-10-01
- [ ] Learn to breakdance
- [x] Learn how to knit ✅ 2016-09-13
	- [x] Knit a scarf ✅ 2016-12-25
- [x] Learn how to rock climb/belay ✅ 2017-11-26 (Rowan Rock Climbing Club)
- Snowboarding & Skiing
	- Snowboarding
		- [x] Execute a frontside and backside 180 ✅ 2015-01-01)
		- Execute a frontside and backside 360 (Sooo… close)
		- Execute a tail or nose grab
			- Execute a method grab
		- Execute a frontflip
			- Execute a backflip
		- [x] Learn how to ski ✅ 2016-03-01 ([First Day of Skiing - Hunter Mtn, 3/20/2016 - YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Zh4U3CRiw0))
			- Ski a double black diamond run
			- Ski moguls and not die
- [ ] Complete the entire French course on Duolingo
	- [ ] Read a book in French (must be at least 200 pages)
- [ ] Complete the entire German course on Duolingo
	- [ ] Read a book in German (must be at least 200 pages)
- [ ] Build a bike of your own from the frame up
- [ ] Mountain Biking
	- [ ] Wheelie for 3 seconds or more on a mountain bike
	- [ ] Learn how to hit jumps
- [ ] Ski Courbet’s Couloir in Jackson Hole

# Events to Attend
- Canada
	- [ ] The Winter Carnival – Quebec City

- United States
	- California
		- [ ] DEF CON (Largest hacking conference in the world) – Los Angeles
	- Iowa
		- [ ] RAGBRAI – Bicycle tour across the state of Iowa
	- Louisiana
		- [ ] Mardi Gras
	- New York
		- [ ] ComicCon – New York City
		- [ ] World Maker Faire  (September 23<sup>rd</sup>, 2017) – New York City
	- Nevada
		- [ ] Burning Man
- The northern lights
- Bands/artists to see live
	- [x] Melt ✅ 2021-11-19 @ Underground Arts
	- Lawrence
	- [x] Jacob Collier ✅ 2022-05-01 @ Franklin Music Hall
	- [x] Tank and the Bangas ✅ 2022-03-20 @ Union Transfer
	- Caravan Palace
	- [x] Snarky Puppy ✅ 2023-04-14 @ Union Transfer
	- BADBADNOTGOOD
	- Lianne La Havas

# Minimalism Goals
- [ ] Count and document everything I own
- [ ] Own less than 300 things

# Adventure Goals
- Bike Touring
	- [ ] Multi-day, on road ✅2016-07-14 ([Bike Tour to the Delaware Water Gap - A bike ride in Glen Rock, NJ](https://ridewithgps.com/trips/9950697))
	- [ ] Multi-day bikepacking trip
	- America
		-  [ ] Across America ✅ 2019-08-20 ([Tour de 10 Percent](https://web.archive.org/web/20220311051837/https://web.archive.org/web/20201128223402/https://tourde10percent.com/))
		- Down the Pacific Coast
	- [ ] Around Europe
	- [ ] To the southern tip of South America
	- [ ] Around Japan
- [x] Stargaze in one of the darkest places in the US ✅ 2017-06-28 (Cherry Springs State Park)
- [x] Go skydiving ✅ 2016-12-04 (Skydive Crosskeys - http://i.imgur.com/ZY0eVD4.jpg)
- [ ] Go downhill mountain biking
- [ ] Go hang gliding (e.g. obtain Novice certification)
- [ ] Go backcountry snowboarding (with proper gear)
- [ ] Go cliff diving
- [ ] Go slacklining
- [x] Go paintballing ✅ 2016-04-09 (Accurate Paintball)
- [ ] Learn how to parasail
- [ ] Learn how to surf
- Go backpacking
	- [ ] [The Horse-Shoe Trail](https://cart.hstrail.org/trail/)
	- [ ] Backpack across Europe (Use Eurail Pass)
	- [ ] Hike the Appalachian Trail 
	- [ ] Hike the Pacific Northwestern Trail
- [ ] Climb a mountain with a peak that is at least 3,000ft higher than the base

# Video Game Goals
- [x] Complete the entire Halo trilogy ✅ 2015-12-28

# Travel Goals
- [ ] Be location independent
- Snowboard (or ski) around the World
	- [x] Colorado ✅ 2014-01-02 (1 week trip with family to Keystone, A-Basin, Breckenridge, Beaver Creek, & Vail)
	- [ ] Big Sky, Montana
	- [ ] Jackson Hole, Wyoming
	- [ ] Banff, Canada
	- [ ] Whistler, Canada
	- [ ] The Alps
	- [ ] Chilean Mountains
	- [ ] Japan
- Visit all 7 continents
	- [ ] Places on my Bucket List - [Quinn's Travels - Google My Maps](https://www.google.com/maps/d/u/0/edit?mid=1f8yl-f64iHLaWGpgEwBasJlDJ28&ll=38.04194468276051%2C-107.0244766131301&z=3)

# Life Goals
*See [Quinn's Life Plan] document for more specific goals. Not available to everyone. Sorry.* ☹
<!-- Comment -->
- [ ] Watch all commencement speeches on [The Best Commencement Speeches, Ever : NPR](https://apps.npr.org/commencement/)
- [ ] Move out of New Jersey
- [ ] Install solar panels in my residence
- [ ] Ride a bullet train
- [ ] Live a zero waste lifestyle
- [ ] Be location independent
- Read/listen to X number of books
	- [ ] 50
	- [ ] 100
	- [ ] 200
	- [ ] 300
	- [ ] 500
	- [ ] 800
	- [ ] 1000

Commit message:

[Obsidian GitHub Publisher] Merge #56
* PUSH NOTE : 2023-07-year-spread.md

* PUSH NOTE : 2022-09-ea-explorer.md

* PUSH ATTACHMENT : 2022-12-11-ea-explorer-screenshot.png

* PUSH NOTE : welcome.md

* PUSH NOTE : notifications.md

* PUSH NOTE : template.md

* PUSH NOTE : how-to-work-with-me.md

* PUSH NOTE : current-goals.md

* PUSH NOTE : Welcome.md

* PUSH NOTE : 2023-06-01-llms-as-language-translators.md

* PUSH NOTE : 2023-05-23-productivity-as-a-personal-health-initiative.md

* PUSH NOTE : template.md

* PUSH NOTE : 2023-06-26-my-journey-into-note-taking.md

* PUSH NOTE : 2023-03-14-information-management-in-organizations.md

* PUSH NOTE : 2022-12-03-creating-a-public-library.md

docs/current-goals.md, after:

---
dg-publish: false
title: "Current Goals"
#sidebar_label: "" 
#slug: 
#description: ""
#keywords: []
tags: []
#image: ""
sidebar_position: 2
draft: false
publish: true
publish-path: docs
publish-filename: current-goals
created: 2023-05-02T11:30:38-04:00
modified: 2023-07-06T16:29:52-04:00
---

[2022-12-03-creating-a-public-library](../blog/2022/2022-12-03-creating-a-public-library#)

*Write in the **present tense**, as if you have already achieved said goal.*
- I am `<type of person>`
- I have done `<thing>`
- I love `<thing>`

# Quinn’s Impossible List
Inspired by Joel Runyon: [http://impossiblehq.com/impossible-list/](http://impossiblehq.com/impossible-list/)

Note: This is an ever-evolving list, so certain goals that may have been listed in the past may no longer be present. These goals were either no longer achievable or were simply removed due to a shift in priorities.

# Last 5 Completed Goals
- [x] Acquire a full-time engineering position ✅ 2020-01-20
- [x] Bicycle tour across America ✅ 2019-08-20
- [x] Visit Glacier National Park ✅ 2019-08-01
- [x] Graduate college ✅ 2019-05-16
- [x] Come out of college with zero debt ✅ 2019-05-16

# Fitness/Health Goals
- Bike…
	- [x] 25 miles in a day ✅ 2014-01-01 ([Routes · Ride with GPS](https://ridewithgps.com/routes/5682996))
	- [x] 50 miles in a day ✅ 2016-05-19 ([Harriman State Park to West Point Loop - A bike ride in Tuxedo Park, NY](https://ridewithgps.com/trips/9036792))
	- [x] 100 miles in a day ✅ 2016-06-26 ([FIRST CENTURY EVERRR! - A bike ride in Poughkeepsie, NY](https://ridewithgps.com/trips/9664730))
	- 125 miles in a day
- Run a 5K
	- Run a 10K
		- Run a marathon
- Maintain a good diet e.g. “[Eat food. Not to much. Mostly plants.](https://michaelpollan.com/reviews/how-to-eat/)”

# Professional/Educational Goals
- [x] Graduate college ✅ 2019-05-16
	- [x] Land a summer internship (Ridgewood Water – January 9<sup>th</sup>, 2017)
	- [x] Achieve a minor computer science ✅ 2019-05-16
	- [x] Graduate with a concentration in honors ✅ 2019-05-16
	- [x] Hold an E-board position in a club that I care about ✅ 2016-01-07 (Senator for the United States States Green Building Council – Rowan University Chapter)
		- [x] Be on the IEEE E-board ✅ 2016-12-09 (Elected Public Relations Chair)
	- [x] Found the Rowan Cycling Club ✅ 2018-01-01
		- [x] Acquire at least 25 members ✅ 2018-09-15 (https://i.imgur.com/tmR5uo3.jpg)
	- [x] Become a Resident Assistant ✅ 2016-03-02
		- [x] Become an Assistant Resident Director ✅ 2018-03-16
	- [x] Maintain a GPA of at least 3.5 ✅ 2019-05-16 (GPA: 3.89)
- Mechanical Engineering
	- Become a Certified SolidWorks…
		- [x] Associate – CSWA ✅ 2016-11-18 (https://i.imgur.com/8gy2900.jpg)
			- [x] Professional – CSWP ✅ 2019-03-02 (https://i.imgur.com/VMwzwJB.jpg)
- [x] Land a full-time engineering position after college ✅ 2020-01-02
- Software Engineering
	- Online Course/Curricula to Complete
		- [-] [The Odin Project](https://www.theodinproject.com/)
		- [-] [Google’s Machine Learning Crash Course](https://developers.google.com/machine-learning/crash-course/)
		- [-] [Free Code Camp](https://www.freecodecamp.org/)
- Miscellaneous
	- [x] Work at a bike shop ✅ 2018-06-01 (Ridgewood Cycles)

# Financial Goals
- [x] Come out of college with zero debt ✅ 2019-05-16
- [x] Go into college with at least $15,000 in the bank ✅ 2015-02-01
- Buy an electric car
- Be financially independent
- Be location independent

# Habit Goals
- [x] Read for at least 10 minutes for 100 days in a row ✅ 2015-07-05
- [x] Take a cold shower 100 days in a row ✅ 2015-12-14
	- [x] Do it for 365 days in a row ✅ 2018-01-25
- [ ] Complete the bodyweight recommended routine 3 times/week for 100 days
- [ ] Meditate for 5 minutes 100 days in a row
- [ ] Read a new Wikipedia page 100 days in a row

# Creative Goals
- [x] Publish a poster on RedBubble (July 2015)
	- [x] Publish two more posters on RedBubble ✅ 2016-08-12
		- [x] Make at least ten sales on RedBubble ✅ 2018-09-18 - *Only took 2 years, but hey, I made 24 bucks!*

- [x] Capture and edit a video about an awesome experience ✅ 2016-04-24 ([Rowan Ruf Riders - B Team Sectionals 2016 - YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MwFvyABkcMc))
- [ ] Learn how to play the violin
- [ ] Learn how to play the harmonica
- [ ] Start a band and play a live show

# Skill Goals
- Programming
	- Learn the basics of various programming languages
		- [x] C++ ✅ 2016-03-01
		- [x] Python ✅ 2016--06-01
		- [x] Java ✅ 2017-03-01
- [x] Learn the basics of Adobe Illustrator ✅ 2016-10-01
- [ ] Learn to breakdance
- [x] Learn how to knit ✅ 2016-09-13
	- [x] Knit a scarf ✅ 2016-12-25
- [x] Learn how to rock climb/belay ✅ 2017-11-26 (Rowan Rock Climbing Club)
- Snowboarding & Skiing
	- Snowboarding
		- [x] Execute a frontside and backside 180 ✅ 2015-01-01)
		- Execute a frontside and backside 360 (Sooo… close)
		- Execute a tail or nose grab
			- Execute a method grab
		- Execute a frontflip
			- Execute a backflip
		- [x] Learn how to ski ✅ 2016-03-01 ([First Day of Skiing - Hunter Mtn, 3/20/2016 - YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Zh4U3CRiw0))
			- Ski a double black diamond run
			- Ski moguls and not die
- [ ] Complete the entire French course on Duolingo
	- [ ] Read a book in French (must be at least 200 pages)
- [ ] Complete the entire German course on Duolingo
	- [ ] Read a book in German (must be at least 200 pages)
- [ ] Build a bike of your own from the frame up
- [ ] Mountain Biking
	- [ ] Wheelie for 3 seconds or more on a mountain bike
	- [ ] Learn how to hit jumps
- [ ] Ski Courbet’s Couloir in Jackson Hole

# Events to Attend
- Canada
	- [ ] The Winter Carnival – Quebec City

- United States
	- California
		- [ ] DEF CON (Largest hacking conference in the world) – Los Angeles
	- Iowa
		- [ ] RAGBRAI – Bicycle tour across the state of Iowa
	- Louisiana
		- [ ] Mardi Gras
	- New York
		- [ ] ComicCon – New York City
		- [ ] World Maker Faire  (September 23<sup>rd</sup>, 2017) – New York City
	- Nevada
		- [ ] Burning Man
- The northern lights
- Bands/artists to see live
	- [x] Melt ✅ 2021-11-19 @ Underground Arts
	- Lawrence
	- [x] Jacob Collier ✅ 2022-05-01 @ Franklin Music Hall
	- [x] Tank and the Bangas ✅ 2022-03-20 @ Union Transfer
	- Caravan Palace
	- [x] Snarky Puppy ✅ 2023-04-14 @ Union Transfer
	- BADBADNOTGOOD
	- Lianne La Havas

# Minimalism Goals
- [ ] Count and document everything I own
- [ ] Own less than 300 things

# Adventure Goals
- Bike Touring
	- [ ] Multi-day, on road ✅2016-07-14 ([Bike Tour to the Delaware Water Gap - A bike ride in Glen Rock, NJ](https://ridewithgps.com/trips/9950697))
	- [ ] Multi-day bikepacking trip
	- America
		-  [ ] Across America ✅ 2019-08-20 ([Tour de 10 Percent](https://web.archive.org/web/20220311051837/https://web.archive.org/web/20201128223402/https://tourde10percent.com/))
		- Down the Pacific Coast
	- [ ] Around Europe
	- [ ] To the southern tip of South America
	- [ ] Around Japan
- [x] Stargaze in one of the darkest places in the US ✅ 2017-06-28 (Cherry Springs State Park)
- [x] Go skydiving ✅ 2016-12-04 (Skydive Crosskeys - http://i.imgur.com/ZY0eVD4.jpg)
- [ ] Go downhill mountain biking
- [ ] Go hang gliding (e.g. obtain Novice certification)
- [ ] Go backcountry snowboarding (with proper gear)
- [ ] Go cliff diving
- [ ] Go slacklining
- [x] Go paintballing ✅ 2016-04-09 (Accurate Paintball)
- [ ] Learn how to parasail
- [ ] Learn how to surf
- Go backpacking
	- [ ] [The Horse-Shoe Trail](https://cart.hstrail.org/trail/)
	- [ ] Backpack across Europe (Use Eurail Pass)
	- [ ] Hike the Appalachian Trail 
	- [ ] Hike the Pacific Northwestern Trail
- [ ] Climb a mountain with a peak that is at least 3,000ft higher than the base

# Video Game Goals
- [x] Complete the entire Halo trilogy ✅ 2015-12-28

# Travel Goals
- [ ] Be location independent
- Snowboard (or ski) around the World
	- [x] Colorado ✅ 2014-01-02 (1 week trip with family to Keystone, A-Basin, Breckenridge, Beaver Creek, & Vail)
	- [ ] Big Sky, Montana
	- [ ] Jackson Hole, Wyoming
	- [ ] Banff, Canada
	- [ ] Whistler, Canada
	- [ ] The Alps
	- [ ] Chilean Mountains
	- [ ] Japan
- Visit all 7 continents
	- [ ] Places on my Bucket List - [Quinn's Travels - Google My Maps](https://www.google.com/maps/d/u/0/edit?mid=1f8yl-f64iHLaWGpgEwBasJlDJ28&ll=38.04194468276051%2C-107.0244766131301&z=3)

# Life Goals
*See [Quinn's Life Plan](Quinn's%20Life%20Plan.md#) document for more specific goals. Not available to everyone. Sorry.* ☹
<!-- Comment -->
- [ ] Watch all commencement speeches on [The Best Commencement Speeches, Ever : NPR](https://apps.npr.org/commencement/)
- [ ] Move out of New Jersey
- [ ] Install solar panels in my residence
- [ ] Ride a bullet train
- [ ] Live a zero waste lifestyle
- [ ] Be location independent
- Read/listen to X number of books
	- [ ] 50
	- [ ] 100
	- [ ] 200
	- [ ] 300
	- [ ] 500
	- [ ] 800
	- [ ] 1000
