docs/manifesto.md, before:

---
dg-publish: false
title: "Manifesto"
sidebar_label: "Manifesto"
slug: manifesto 
description: "My personal manifesto"
#keywords: []
tags: ["Life", "Values", "Purpose", "Meaning"]
#image: ""
sidebar_position: 2
draft: false
publish: true
publish-path: docs
publish-filename:
created: 2024-05-10T11:53:11-04:00
modified: 2023-07-06T16:34:00-04:00
---

> *"A personal manifesto is a set of statements that make up rules for your life. It’s a touchstone that helps you reconnect with what’s important, and it becomes a methodology for staying true to your values, goals, and intentions."*
>
> \- Stephanie Vozza, *[Why you need a personal manifesto and how to write one](https://www.fastcompany.com/90793500/why-you-need-a-personal-manifesto-and-how-to-write-one)*

<br />

Here's my personal manifesto, divided into a number of themes:

## Social Change / Impact
- Success is measured by the positive change we create, not the money we accumulate or the reputation we build.
- Your impact as an individual is your [counterfactual (not absolute) impact](https://probablygood.org/core-concepts/counterfactual-impact/). Although doing good things deserves recognition, what ultimately counts is that you do the good things that *nobody else* would have otherwise done.
- Everything operates within a system, whether it's a person, an institution, or celestial body. While we cannot change systems directly, we can [influence the conditions](https://donellameadows.org/archives/leverage-points-places-to-intervene-in-a-system/) under which they function.
- To achieve lasting solutions, "[design with, not for](https://www.howtomakesenseofanymess.com/chapter4/92/design-with-not-for/#:~:text=It's%20important%20to%20discuss%20and,about%20it%20with%20other%20people.)" - your stakeholders/constituents/customers/users ultimately determine your success.
- There is no special reason you possess the privileges you do - some of your resources should be dedicated to repaying that debt.
- [Othering](https://www.otheringandbelonging.org/the-problem-of-othering/) is the root of almost every global, national, and regional issue facing human and non-human animals today. 

## Living / Behavior
- Life is a positive-sum game - treat others accordingly.
- Focus on the things you can control, not the things you can't.
- What matters is not what happens to you, but how you react to it.
- Your emotions are a feature, not a bug. Even the unpleasant ones have a purpose.
- You are not your mind - you're not obligated to believe everything you think.
- Reject the Golden Rule, embrace the Platinum Rule: Treat people as *they* want to be treated, not as you would want to be treated.

## Ideology / Perception
- No one can say with certainty they would have acted differently in someone else's situation - we are a product of our inputs and circumstances more than we'd like to believe.
- Our worldview is predominately shaped by the information we consume and the experiences we accumulate - given the right blend of information and right set of experiences, anyone can believe anything.
- There is no evil - there are just people and systems with bad goals.

## Meaning / Purpose
- Meaning, like happiness, is a verb, not a noun - people create meaning through their actions rather than achieving it as a state.

## Innovation / Progress
- The creativity of anything is correlated with how many bad ideas it's willing to produce.
- (Almost) [everything is a remix](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X9RYuvPCQUA&list=PLDQ6BYd73QHxgeNJPX8yZRcp8wF_B_tph&index=2) of something that came before. See also: [Gal's Law](http://principles-wiki.net/principles:gall_s_law)
- [All truth, beauty, and progress comes from the union of the unlike](https://fanlore.org/wiki/IDIC_(glossary_term)#:~:text=Infinite%20Diversity%20in%20Infinite%20Combinations%20represents%20a%20Vulcan%20belief%20that%20beauty%2C%20growth%2C%20progress%20%2D%2D%20all%20result%20from%20the%20union%20of%20the%20unlike.).

Commit message:

Add This is Water to manifesto

docs/manifesto.md, after:

---
dg-publish: false
title: "Manifesto"
sidebar_label: "Manifesto"
slug: manifesto 
description: "My personal manifesto"
#keywords: []
tags: ["Life", "Values", "Purpose", "Meaning"]
#image: ""
sidebar_position: 2
draft: false
publish: true
publish-path: docs
publish-filename:
created: 2024-05-10T11:53:11-04:00
modified: 2023-07-06T16:34:00-04:00
---

> *"A personal manifesto is a set of statements that make up rules for your life. It’s a touchstone that helps you reconnect with what’s important, and it becomes a methodology for staying true to your values, goals, and intentions."*
>
> \- Stephanie Vozza, *[Why you need a personal manifesto and how to write one](https://www.fastcompany.com/90793500/why-you-need-a-personal-manifesto-and-how-to-write-one)*

<br />

Here's my personal manifesto, divided into a number of themes:

## Social Change / Impact
- Success is measured by the positive change we create, not the money we accumulate or the reputation we build.
- Your impact as an individual is your [counterfactual (not absolute) impact](https://probablygood.org/core-concepts/counterfactual-impact/). Although doing good things deserves recognition, what ultimately counts is that you do the good things that *nobody else* would have otherwise done.
- Everything operates within a system, whether it's a person, an institution, or celestial body. While we cannot change systems directly, we can [influence the conditions](https://donellameadows.org/archives/leverage-points-places-to-intervene-in-a-system/) under which they function.
- To achieve lasting solutions, "[design with, not for](https://www.howtomakesenseofanymess.com/chapter4/92/design-with-not-for/#:~:text=It's%20important%20to%20discuss%20and,about%20it%20with%20other%20people.)" - your stakeholders/constituents/customers/users ultimately determine your success.
- There is no special reason you possess the privileges you do - some of your resources should be dedicated to repaying that debt.
- [Othering](https://www.otheringandbelonging.org/the-problem-of-othering/) is the root of almost every global, national, and regional issue facing human and non-human animals today. 

## Living / Behavior
- Life is a positive-sum game - treat others accordingly.
- No matter the situation, [you have the power to choose how you think about and respond to your reality](https://youtu.be/eC7xzavzEKY?si=v-d-05L9GEy7z4q6) (sometimes, this isn't easy to do). Concentrate on what you can control, not what you can't.
- Your emotions are a feature, not a bug. Even the unpleasant ones have a purpose.
- You are not your mind - you're not obligated to believe everything you think.
- Reject the Golden Rule, embrace the Platinum Rule: Treat people as *they* want to be treated, not as you would want to be treated.

## Ideology / Perception
- No one can say with certainty they would have acted differently in someone else's situation - we are a product of our inputs and circumstances more than we'd like to believe.
- Our worldview is predominately shaped by the information we consume and the experiences we accumulate - given the right blend of information and right set of experiences, anyone can believe anything.
- There is no evil - there are just people and systems with bad goals.

## Meaning / Purpose
- Meaning, like happiness, is a verb, not a noun - people create meaning through their actions rather than achieving it as a state.

## Innovation / Progress
- The creativity of anything is correlated with how many bad ideas it's willing to produce.
- (Almost) [everything is a remix](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X9RYuvPCQUA&list=PLDQ6BYd73QHxgeNJPX8yZRcp8wF_B_tph&index=2) of something that came before. See also: [Gal's Law](http://principles-wiki.net/principles:gall_s_law)
- [All truth, beauty, and progress comes from the union of the unlike](https://fanlore.org/wiki/IDIC_(glossary_term)#:~:text=Infinite%20Diversity%20in%20Infinite%20Combinations%20represents%20a%20Vulcan%20belief%20that%20beauty%2C%20growth%2C%20progress%20%2D%2D%20all%20result%20from%20the%20union%20of%20the%20unlike.).
